Add note concerning Podman/MacOS combination; (#435)
paritytech/zombienet: docs/src/requirements/podman.md

# Podman requirements

Zombienet supports [Podman](https://podman.io/) _rootless_ as provider.
You only need to have `podman` installed in your environment to use it and either set it in the _network_ file or with the `--provider` flag in the CLI.

> **Note:** `Podman` is supported in MacOS as an app but this is happening through an
> internal vm. The provider's code in zombienet supports `podman` running native - thus `podman` for
> `zombienet` can be used only on linux. This is related, mostly, to paths and directories used by
> store configuration (chain-spec) and the data directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Currently, it is only possible to use `podman` for Zombienet users on Linux machines. 
Although `podman` comes with support for macOS, it is done using an internal VM and the Zombienet provider code expects `podman` to be running natively.
```
